---
title: Add a field
---

Farms typically have fields. Now that you have created a farm, its time to add fields to it.

## Function Signature
```typescript
async function addField({
    fdm,
    b_id_farm,
    b_name,
    b_id_source,
    b_geometry,
    b_manage_start,
    b_manage_end, 
    b_manage_type
    }): Promise<string> {

## Parameters
* **fdm:** Your initialized FDM instance. This is the primary interface for interacting with the FDM and is required for all database operations. It's the object you created when you [set up your FDM instance](./042-Setup%20the%20FDM%20instance.md)

* **b_id_farm** A unique identifier for a farm that this field belongs to.

* **b_name** A string representing the name of the field.

* **b_id_source** The identifier of the field in the source dataset

* **b_geometry** The field's geometry in WKT representation. The geometry must be a polygon and the CRS should be WGS84 (EPSG: 4326).

* **b_manage_start** The date on which this farm started managing this field.

* **b_manage_end** The date on which this farm ended managing this field.

* **b_manage_type** The type of managing field.

## Return Value
The ``addField`` function returns a Promise which resolves to the value:

* **b_id_field** A unique identifier automatically generated by the FDM for the new field. This ID is essential for referencing the field in subsequent operations like adding fields.

## Error Handling
Just like the ``addFarm`` function, ``addField`` includes robust error handeling.

:::tip

Place your ``addField`` call in a ``try...catch block`` as illustrated on the previous page

:::